---
title: "A short break."
date: 2026-05-06
---

# I'm Taking A Short Break.

It's been around 2 months, more or less since I started developing Farben, the terminal coloring crate that uses markup.

The latest update, as of writing this is [0.18.1](https://crates.io/crates/farben/0.18.1).

Even then, I haven't really updated Farben that much after 0.18, other than a couple of fun commits for experimental features for the 0.19 update. The 0.19 update, other than adding new features, is an update that focuses on community responses, primarily through the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/razkar-studio/farben/issues) of the repository.

I am announcing that I'll be taking an extremely short break added on to the already pending delay after 0.18.1, around 1-2 months.

---

Other than being the sole maintainer of Farben, I also make other projects too and experiment with the beautiful Rust language. Check them out if you haven't.

The actual reason is the education system (it always is). My school's final exam of the year is coming up and I need to lock in on this one more than Farben.

That being said, once the break is complete, I promise to deliver the update and a bunch more improvements to Farben. I hope that Farben will be the coloring library for you.

A sneak peek of the next updates:
```rust
cprintln!("/i wonder what this is/ *or this* _or this_ ~we get it~ `you should know by now`");
cprintln!("[link(https://example.com/)] <- What's that supposed to be? Hmm.. [/link]");
cprintln!("{}", lossy!("[rgb(200, 14, 24)]All will be polished, detected, safe, and hopefully performant."));
```

---

If you have any suggestions, bug reports, or anything, please, and I say this deeply, please submit a [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/razkar-studio/farben/issues). I'm trying my best to make Farben at the best of its state, and keep making it better by the day. An issue wouldn't hurt, and I usually respond pretty quickly (other than the whole break thing).

Thank you for reading this announcement, checking out Farben, using it, starring it (please do), and lovin' it!

Make great things with Farben.

Cheers, RazkarStudio.
